I'm too hard
No more fighting, no more rolling, okay?
Your Majesty, you
Are you new here?
How to get to 316
316 Hey, I happen to be going to 316
I brought you here
Here comes another amazing one
Interesting
God is dying
Excuse me, everybody.
I am Shen Qingyan who was just assigned.
Are you dissatisfied?
Zilo, why did you bring a psychopath here?
This is this guy I just met
Not familiar ha not familiar
I'll settle the bill with you later.
Who are you hanging out with?
Do you know what this place is?
What the hell
From today onwards, you all hang out with me
So there's not even a mountain.
What's on the mountain?
Can you eat it?
It seems that you don't know the prestige of my Yama